application_security: update serverless page (#31774)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/application_security/setup/aws/lambda/dotnet.md

- Application Load Balancer (ALB)
- API Gateway v1 (Rest API)
- API Gateway v2 (HTTP API)
- Function URL

<div class="alert alert-info">If you would like to see support added for any of the unsupported capabilities, fill out this <a href="https://forms.gle/gHrxGQMEnAobukfn7">form</a> to send feedback.</div>

## Get started

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Serverless Framework" %}}

The [Datadog Serverless Framework plugin][2] can be used to automatically configure and deploy your lambda with AAP.

To install and configure the Datadog Serverless Framework plugin:

1. Install the Datadog Serverless Framework plugin:
   ```sh
   serverless plugin install --name serverless-plugin-datadog
   ```

2. Enable AAP by updating your `serverless.yml` with the `enableASM` configuration parameter:
   ```yaml
   custom:
     datadog:
       enableASM: true
   ```

   Overall, your new `serverless.yml` file should contain at least:
   ```yaml
   custom:
     datadog:
       apiKeySecretArn: "{Datadog_API_Key_Secret_ARN}" # or apiKey
       enableDDTracing: true
       enableASM: true
   ```
   See also the complete list of [plugin parameters][5] to further configure your lambda settings.

> 4. Redeploy the function and invoke it. After a few minutes, it appears in [AAP views][6].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Redeploy the function and invoke it. After a few minutes, it appears in [App and API Protection views][6].
```

    arn:aws:lambda:<AWS_REGION>:464622532012:layer:Datadog-Extension-ARM:{{< latest-lambda-layer-version layer="extension" >}}

    # Use this format for x86-based Lambda deployed in AWS GovCloud regions
    arn:aws-us-gov:lambda:<AWS_REGION>:002406178527:layer:Datadog-Extension:{{< latest-lambda-layer-version layer="extension" >}}

    # Use this format for arm64-based Lambda deployed in AWS GovCloud regions
    arn:aws-us-gov:lambda:<AWS_REGION>:002406178527:layer:Datadog-Extension-ARM:{{< latest-lambda-layer-version layer="extension" >}}
    ```

    Replace `<AWS_REGION>` with a valid AWS region, such as `us-east-1`.

3. Set the required environment variables

    - Set `AWS_LAMBDA_EXEC_WRAPPER` to `/opt/datadog_wrapper`.
    - Set `DD_SITE` to {{< region-param key="dd_site" code="true" >}} (ensure the correct SITE is selected on the right).
    - Set `DD_API_KEY_SECRET_ARN` to the ARN of the AWS secret where your [Datadog API key][10] is securely stored. The key needs to be stored as a plaintext string (not a JSON blob). The `secretsmanager:GetSecretValue` permission is required. For quick testing, you can use `DD_API_KEY` instead and set the Datadog API key in plaintext.

> 4. Enable AAP by adding the following environment variables on your function deployment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Enable App and API Protection by adding the following environment variables on your function deployment:
```

   ```yaml
   environment:
     AWS_LAMBDA_EXEC_WRAPPER: /opt/datadog_wrapper
     DD_SERVERLESS_APPSEC_ENABLED: true
   ```

> 5. Redeploy the function and invoke it. After a few minutes, it appears in [AAP views][6].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Redeploy the function and invoke it. After a few minutes, it appears in [App and API Protection views][6].
```

    - link: "/security/default_rules/?category=cat-application-security"
      tag: "Documentation"
      text: "OOTB App and API Protection Rules"
    - link: "/security/application_security/troubleshooting"
      tag: "Documentation"
      text: "Troubleshooting App and API Protection"
    - link: "/security/application_security/threats/"
      tag: "Documentation"
      text: "App and API Protection"
    - link: "https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/datadog-security-google-cloud/"
      tag: "Blog"
      text: "Datadog Security extends compliance and threat protection capabilities for Google Cloud"
---

Configuring App and API Protection for AWS Lambda involves:

1. Identifying functions that are vulnerable or are under attack and would most benefit from App and API Protection. Find them on [the Security tab of your Software Catalog][1].
2. Setting up App and API Protection instrumentation by using either the [Datadog CLI][8], [AWS CDK][9], [Datadog Serverless Framework plugin][2], or manually by using the Datadog tracing layers.
3. Triggering security signals in your application and seeing how Datadog displays the resulting information.

> ## Prerequisites
> 
> - [Serverless APM Tracing][apm-lambda-tracing-setup] is set up on the Lambda function to send traces directly to Datadog.
>   X-Ray tracing, by itself, is not sufficient for App and API Protection and requires APM Tracing to be enabled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

## Compatibility

> Threat Protection through Remote Configuration is not supported. Use [Workflows][3] to block IPs in your [WAF][4].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
